welcome to i love movie recap
today i'm going to explain a horror and
thriller film called wrong turn
scott shaw's daughter jen shaw has been
missing for six weeks now
scott arrives in a town nearby from
where jyn had contacted him last
first he goes to the police but with
little to no help
he arrives at the hotel jyn had stated
to inquire but doesn't get any answers
from them as well
he then goes around the town's pub where
he meets a strange man who tells him to
give up searching for her
six weeks earlier jen and her boyfriend
darius couples adam and milla and gary
and luis come to a small town in rural
virginia to hike
they stay at a hotel whose owner tells
jen not to go off the trail while hiking
that night they go to a pub where they
need a stranger
the man gets into an argument with the
group
when they are outside someone is
standing near their vehicle adam throws
a bottle at him and the man disappears
the group doesn't think much of it
the following day jen goes for a run
on her way she sees a woman selling
handmade bracelets and buys one the
woman's daughter named ruthie is there
too
later the group leaves for the hike
on their way back darius suggests there
is a civil war fort somewhere near
he wants to visit it
jen is doubtful of the idea but darius
convinces her
but they do not reach the destination
even after walking for hours
when they decide to go back to the trail
a massive log of wood rolls down the
hill towards them
the group runs down the hill to save
their life
the log hits gary and he dies in the
accident
the rest of them are injured too
luis blames darius for bringing them to
the trail
he is devastated
finally they decide to leave and send
back help when they reach the town
as they walk through the woods at night
it starts to rain
the group is now lost
they decide to camp there for the night
when they wake up in the morning milla
has disappeared
all of their phones are gone too
adam goes to search for milla in the
woods
the rest of them follow him
while they are at it a chain pulls on
adam's leg and drags him into a trap
hole on the ground
others try to get him out but retreat
after they see a snake in there too
the group decides to look for help
they reach a building containing several
belongings of people who would come to
the mountain
just then they hear footsteps outside
two horrifying looking men donned in
primitive clothing and wearing elk and
deer skulls have restrained adam and are
taking him somewhere
the group jumps in to save adam
the men talk in a foreign language and
try to have a conversation with them but
the group doesn't understand
then adam comes back to consciousness
and hits one of the men on his head with
a wood log
when the man falls he hits him
continuously finally killing him
the other man has disappeared
just then amilla comes out of the woods
she had seen the same men and hidden in
the woods
jen blames adam for killing the man for
nothing
they decide to tell that to no one
the group then continues to find a way
out of the mountain
but darius gets in a hunting trap and is
hit by a spiky log
they treat his wound and continue the
journey
luis is behind the rest of the group and
is abducted by one of the wild men
then the men surround the group
adam loses control and starts to run
away
milla goes behind him
when darius and jen notice the men they
run in a different direction
they hide in a cave but are abducted
meanwhile milla falls into a trap while
running behind adam
she is impaled on sharpened tree
branches
her whole body is injured
adam comes back to save her but runs
away after seeing her condition
milla begs for him to come back but he
doesn't
instead a wild man is there
as she begs him to save her the man
strikes her with an arrow and kills
milla
the following day jen wakes up in a pit
she is in her undergarments and her
hands are tied
she screams for help when the lady she
met while running in the town removes
the pit's cover
her name is edith
she warns jen to be quiet
sometime later the cover opens again
they give her some food and water and
allow her to come up
the rest of the group is there too
they put a sack on all of their heads
and take them to their civilization
many people and houses surround them
finally they stop when they are inside a
cave-like place
they are made to kneel to a throne
the head of the group venable enters the
place
this is his court and the group is there
as criminals for trial
one of the men named hobbs says he had
seen the group in the town
he was the one near the group's car that
night at the pub
someone else named morgan says that adam
had killed his brother
he and his brother samuel had found adam
in one of their hunting traps
he was injured so the duo decided to
help him when they encountered the group
but then adam had woken up and killed
samuel
venable asks jen if what morgan was
saying is true but she denies the claim
then they ask the little girl ruthie
about samuel's murderer
she points at adam again
jen tries to argue that it was
self-defense but venable dismisses her
adam is sentenced to death
he loses control
somehow managing to free his hands from
the rope he takes ruthie hostage
he threatens everyone to let him go but
ruthie stabs his legs and frees herself
the rest of the group is then sentenced
to darkness
they cover their heads again and take
them outside
jen darius and luis are made to kneel
while adam is laid down in front of them
according to the rule of the foundation
one who was murdered has to be killed in
a similar way he has committed his crime
venable stands in front of adam with the
same log adam used to kill samuel
venable then hits him on his head
several times to finally kill him
the rest of the group is
mortified now it is their turn to get
punished
those who are punished to darkness get
their eyes poked with a hot knife and
put into a dark prison with little to no
food
venable successfully blinds luis but
when it comes to darius jen starts
blabbering about how he could be helpful
to their community
darius works in a non-profit which helps
to build sustainable homes and
neighborhoods to be self-sufficient
jen convinces venable to let darius help
them and their community
but he asks jen what she can do for
their community
jen offers herself
she is healthy and can breed children
the foundation accepts her offer
venable warns them that they will end up
in the cave with others if they do not
contribute
the people there accept them happily
jen is taken to a room when she realizes
that she is the wife of venable now
his former wife had died a year ago
now jen and darius owe their life to the
foundation
back home jen's father scott is worried
about his daughter
she hasn't called him for weeks
jyn's stepmother tells him to focus on
their sons instead after six weeks of
jen not calling him scott decides to go
to the town searching for her
but the people of the town are of no
help
even the police dismiss his concerns
scott is at the pub when the hotel's
owner reggie joins him
she tells him she is sorry about his
daughter and her friends but he should
give up now
anyone who goes to the mountain never
comes back
this intrigues scott
he is finally getting valuable
information
she tells him about the people living in
the mountains
they are called the foundation
everyone in the town knows about them
but no one dares to talk
the foundation started in 1859 when a
few dozen people from the town fled to
the mountains to protect their way of
living
they feared the collapse of america
and when that happened their main goal
was to build a new america with their
foundation in the center
they abduct anyone who disrupts their
way of living
when scott leaves to go to his hotel
room many drunk men from the pub beat
him
they want him gone from the town because
they think he will rupture the peace
scott aids his injuries and the next day
leaves for the mountain
reggie tells him to reconsider his idea
but scott is ready to risk his life for
his daughter
reggie then takes him to two other men
of the town
they offer to help him because they are
sick of the foundation too
ed is reggie's nephew and a hunter
ed and his son leave for the mountains
with scott
in their way ed sees a hunter's trap
as they examine it he falls into another
trap
a huge log with spikes falls onto them
both ed and his son are killed
luckily scott manages to survive
he continues the search and finally
reaches the community of the foundation
he sneaks in slowly but is caught by the
people
darius stands in front of him
scott asks him for help but darius
doesn't respond
then an arrow shoots scott on his
shoulder
his own daughter jen has shot it
the foundation has brainwashed both
darius and jen
they are a part of it now
venable sentences scott to life and
darkness for trespassing
scott asks jen for help but she says
that she is not his daughter anymore
that night venable and jen are on his
bed when he asks her if she feels sad
for her dad but she dismisses it and
seduces venable
later at night she sneaks out of the
room and to her dad
she had posed to shoot him with an arrow
to save both of them
if she had shown mercy for him the
foundation would have killed her too
jen gets him out of the trap and rushes
to get darius
but darius refuses to go with her
according to him he has found his people
and wants to live with them for the rest
of his life
she kisses darius goodbye and runs away
to the dark room to get luis
one of the men sees her there but jyn
shoots him dead
the cave-like room is pitch black and is
filled with prisoners that had been
sentenced to darkness
they are incredibly malnourished
she finds luis in a corner and shoots
him dead out of mercy when they come out
of the cave the men have found them
ruthie helps them escape the community
they run through the woods while being
followed by the foundation
edith attacks the duo
jyn kills her as well
finally scott carries jen out of the
woods
both of them are heavily injured
the men from the town earlier point
their guns at them
but they are there to help
they hate the foundation for taking
their relatives
all of them fight the people together
and leave the place in a car
a few months later jen is back to normal
she lives happily with her father
stepmother and two brothers
but one day she comes to her house to
find venable sitting at the dining table
with ruthie
her family is there too
jen is also pregnant with venables child
she tells him that she will go back with
him to the foundation if he promises to
leave her family alone
he then takes her outside and sits her
in an rv vehicle with other men of the
foundation
as they drive away we see the car swerve
and get into an accident
two of the men run outside
jyn runs after them and stabs both of
them to death
ruthie comes out of the vehicle
the movie ends as we see jen and ruthie
walking back to their home together
thank you for watching subscribe for
more